for those of you that around tools much
you know what this is this is my 18 volt
2 volt battery and it will only last for
three to five minutes this battery is C
90 holy cow
this butter is almost 10 years old and
it's only the second one I've had since
I've had this drill they get a lot of
good use but it's gotten to where it's
basically just worn down so what I've
done rather than spend $89 on a whole
new battery or a pair of batteries at
Christmastime you can get two for $89 a
Bay 35 bucks all you have to do is take
all six of these screws out this top
comes right off this the insert comes
out with the batteries in it slide this
one right back in in its place and bolt
it back together put it on the charger
and away you go
now how durable these are I honestly
don't know this is my first time trying
these son batteries made in China so
there's a good chance that these will
explode on me just so you know you guys
hear about daddy tech being burn you
know what happened anyway I'm going to
get ready and get this swapped out say
there's one out
and I'm not gonna make you sit through
watching the end bolt and then loosen
every single one of these all right fee
seconds slider after all the screws are
removed should be able to just lift
right up on kind of hard to do
one-handed anyway lift right up on the
top and there you have it and you should
lift just right up out of the case too
but again I need two hands there you
have it
looks the same to me kind of looks don't
matter it's how they perform so we'll
set the new ones down in there
these are go back to the recycler these
are go to the up flow to good use for a
good long while now because the one that
I had that one and my other one up in
the shed about useless that's basically
how refurbish my batteries like I said
the cells will still go back to a
recycling center out know how or why or
with what they recycle them but I'll do
my part but anyway
I'll put this back together and I'll
show you one of the drills ready to go
with it
all right folks got the battery replaced
got them charged up there's the old ones
new ones are in the case been through
the charger running like a champ that's
it
hopefully that $35 is worth it oh and
I'm gonna hang out there's been so I've
been that drawers nice day
there's Tommy
and Steve and that's it thanks for
watching